then a hash the ammonite came up and
encamped against jabish Gilead and all
the men of jabish said tune a hash make
a covenant with us and we will serve you
and they hashed the ammonite answered
them on this condition I will make a
covenant with you then I may put out all
your right eyes and bring reproach on
all Israel then the elders of jabish
said to him
hold off for seven days that we may send
messengers to all the territory of
Israel and then if there is no one to
save us we will come out to you so the
messengers came to Gibeah of soul and
told the news in the hearing of the
people and all the people lifted up
their voices and wept
now there was soul coming behind the
herd from the field and soul said watch
troubles the people that they weep and
they told him the words of the man of
jabish then the Spirit of God came upon
soul when he heard this news and his
anger was greatly aroused so he took a
yoke of oxen and wooden pieces and sent
them throughout all the territory of
Israel by the hands of messengers saying
whoever does not go out with Saul and
Samuel to battle so it shall be done to
his oxen and the fear of the Lord fell
on the people and they came out with one
consent when he numbered them in Bezeq
the children of Israel were three
hundred thousand and the men of Judah
thirty thousand and they said to the
messengers who came thus you shall say
to the men of jabish Gilead tomorrow by
the time the Sun is hot
you shall have help
then the messengers came and reported it
to the men of jabish and they were glad
there for the man of jabish said
tomorrow we will come out to you and you
may do with us whatever seems good to
you so it was on the next day the soul
put the people in three companies and
they came into the midst of the camp in
the morning wash and killed ammonites
until the heat of the day and it
happened that those who survived were
scattered so that no two of them will
left together and the people said to
Samuel who is he who said shall saul
reign over us bring the men that we may
put them to death not a man shall be put
to death this day for today the Lord has
accomplished salvation in Israel then
samuel said to the people come let us go
to Gilgal and renew that kingdom there
so all the people went to Gilgal and
there they made Saul King before the
Lord in Gilgal there they made
sacrifices of peace offerings before the
Lord and their soul and all the men of
Israel rejoiced greatly
you
[Music]